Include a tip when yarn start throws dependency error (#3955)
cBioPortal/cbioportal-frontend: README.md

# export any custom external API URLs by editing env/custom.sh
yarn run start
```
Example pages:
 - http://localhost:3000/
 - http://localhost:3000/patient?studyId=lgg_ucsf_2014&caseId=P04

> > **Tip:** If you see dependency errors, especially the error that the script cannot identifying the packages managed by lerna(monorepo), you could do a `yarn build` first before starting the project.

Reviewer: Running `yarn buildModules` alone may fix the issue and it is faster than `yarn build`, so maybe a tip like this is better?

```suggestion
> **Tip:** If you see dependency errors, especially the error that the script cannot identify the packages managed by lerna(monorepo), you could do a `yarn build` or `yarn buildModules` first before starting the project.
```

Author: @onursumer let's just include the `yarn buildModules` then, updated.
